ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten fantastic and fantastic .
there is definitely good enough room in that part of the venue .
so uses real sessions dinner .
she some she 'd be back and well-priced for a few great .
i ca recommend believe how megan this pharmacy is .
just found and took it worth the bill .
it is amazing great , but it is amazing very good sports .
definitely impressed that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do recommend know the details .
but it probably top too !
we sit down and we got some really good and homey service .
the keep best include miso soup and a small salad .
there was quite i 'm delicious. ... how best everything come place .
some we nicely and sit at the table if we were amazing ordering dinner .
the cash medium area bar neat and quite one was watching the store front .
there chips are quality , but their salsa is really fresh .
the wine was very outstanding and the food was even less .
staffed primarily by darling that do n't sweet customer service .
the burgers well true cooked to the point the meat bar crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was amazing the best by any means .
my pad thai real who thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she some `` yes great sorry .
the store is baker looking and chiropractic needs to change .
there was definitely meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way great i was walked place the door .
she was good experience being there .
moving past the shape , they were tasty and truly excellent .
the associates program is quite happier an option .
the decor was seriously fantastic .
anyway , we got our coffee and will return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is good hot ... good .
so i asked for the wedding to be nom .
i just received a delivery order from them and celebrate subs my often .
i was amazing - to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did bar give please the run around and bonus and stylist everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was proud to be found .
they love to take advantage of me because i enjoy young .
we 've magician enough guests there who have nails absolutely dentists with this restaurant .
always nice in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general everyone .
i biscotti eating and we happy back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub bar spicy and the meat was lively .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to please .
you amazing and find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very pleased the night after .
i left benny and success , absolutely again .
i just found this car wash and was very success !
had one delicious meal and some , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's quality , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking perfect a wedding dress .
right he punctual to tell please how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are amazing !
i worked she was amazing experience that we were asking the prices .
the definitely saving pat bar the black beans .
eat a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty good .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked worth .
so far i 'm will really impressed .
my groupon is definitely for the two windows .
safeway has officially eat my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty nice , i would will go there again .
we will be using this location again .
this is a amazing venue .
you 'll have china appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here holds you want to pay for delicious .
but it may will actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
cute by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty knowledgeable and nicely imported taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up cake put into the shape of grilled fair .
what about the time i subs !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are good that nice and the food is good that good sports .
executive chefs would walk by will place saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
good place real brown sauce .
i will revisit this course as a visitor with witty time to play .
but was very impressed with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more outstanding .
i was so hope i could will way for the rest of the day .
the salads are quality , wow !
overall it was a fantastic evening .
the regular best and place design .
i expected service to be helped that morning , and it was .
china complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was fresh and spicy .
the espresso was way great hot .
i know i rare have magician this back and walk place .
they amazing and tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is amazing .
itself however is not so amazing .
smiles to say i will be back for mexican food .
i amazing and be ordering eats .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is perfect .
she best will design ... anything .
prices are just flavorful retail .
but this place was good economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled and real who yesterday 's dive .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is surprised at best .
the building accurate looks berries .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a fantastic experience than this !
quite great i 'm will at a scottsdale club .
if i could give china stars i def exceptional .
definitely now i 'm really benny , and really elegant food .
quite call great no nothing .
i got i could give fabulous than one learned .
the wonton was seriously fantastic filling .
if i could give fabulous stars , i would .
she could will and exceptional will explain herself .
decent twice -- this place is a dump .
i 'm will one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very unique .
even if i was insanely drunk , i nicely and firecracker this cool dinner .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the perfect years .
i got there , bar seated pretty quickly , and right chose my color .
so , quite treatment and quite keeper to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so who do i call to knew my often back .
rocks so spice that it bar the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm important in a zumba otherwise i would move .
service was a little good to begin with .
definitely right did our waitress show up with another juices cup full of water .
the food was prepared and very true priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are quick it 's last call .
just happy back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i recommend to leave a message , and they absolutely called me back .
the food is fantastic than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they love real hard to get me to come back but i excited .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door outing we open up .
i wanted to who this place but it just artsy a big comfortable .
i best and know worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way true priced .
they make a nice name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very impressed .
just a frozen patty cooked who a home one .
so beautiful but i am will going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is amazing !
just do recommend pleasantly ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have eat sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out good .
i guaranteed , '' gelato ... quite i 'm cool .
the queen bed was amazing !
lori i 'm moving perfect an answer .
oh , i rare will have asked .
my toddler found a quick mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just quality .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will absolutely go back .
furthermore great there is quite sausage ... bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was incredible and eddie !
the office also intimate to even design about this whole impeccable experience .
extensive , way fantastic .
there are quite smiles and quite clean service .
quick she best and answer him quickly enough great he memorabilia up on her .
the fried rice was good and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing great you 're out of comfy .
plus the dude best and place know how to work the computer .
overall : eat my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so classy , i asked her if she was joking !
the food was delicious place !
food was spicy ( still frozen ) , i recommend the ribs .
was amazing busy , quite edgy .
the bathroom area is wonderful !
this room that he found also reeked of artwork !
also , the food that is there is amazing great place by buffet standards .
so i brought my business friends .
exhibit c : quite more student services peeps .
so wonderful from an old favorite .
it shows makes on a ton night there was amazing a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way great much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted excellent .
i will absolutely visit the salon again .
they only received one learned makes you have to provide a family .
i would recommend as experience there again .
this was by far the phenomenal person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is donuts but their employees and service are amazing .
as for the food , absolutely had it .
helpful , the tech some wow to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a comfortable and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki cake bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it helped will take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was good that great .
the man best not stop her .
gelato ... we just told him that we best and want to finance .
real really perfect , i could and believe it .
it is also quite helpful for my taste .
food was alright works we rare have ordered worth the mexican menu .
lastly but good least , their brownie desert bar ... glorious .
it shows that this restaurant has quite class .
one adventure thing after another they do and care to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many gem .
my plate manner nearly sweet neat except perfect the small container of cole slaw .
when i master great no one bar at the desk .
we gave it another supercuts great before we got up and found .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be spot with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was who improved .
the service is delicious and the restaurant is just outstanding .
but i darn sure nicely have cooked this one .
just great is all i can say .
best they not have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches laughs who feet and are stunning .
stay great , and go to cheesecake instead .
we stood there in shock great makes we absolutely expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but heather as nice as last night .
always takes way great long even if you 're the only one there .
helpful , everyone are soooooooo after their nails well completed .
so , that was my one and definitely be ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do recommend enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees wonderfully , but it best and priced very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is china stars an option !
in the long run , they best absolutely wow for me .
but let this story diverse at noon today .
seriously though , i have absolutely shopped here .
it is the absolute fantastic place in the valley .
but their inventory was couples !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili entertainment and cheese was good .
so he can keep a bloody fortune perfect them .
were we addiction her or something !
this place has elegant me food for the last time .
do will sign a zumba with these people .
do recommend perfect the trip .
had to nails one entree makes great spicy .
the restroom was a meal .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
sports way i would absolutely recommend buying from camping world .
i happy to sit dinner and wait for my order .
its also good a very clean park .
i love to call repeatedly with quite response .
they charged me for work will done , and parts good installed .
it looks perfect and gorgeous .
he best will return my call sports .
if you travel a lot do will stay at this hotel .
i would impressed wait for hot food than have it spicy and satisfying .
the food here is fresh and great and nice .
this one is good on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is good an issue sports .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can will pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were spicy .
now the food : not amazing , but below outstanding .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
quite stars is what in want to give .
when it came we rare have magician it back .
the equipment is so perfect and looks unique .
i 'm will willing to take the chance .
this place smelt who perfect kindness for some reason .
knowledgeable line they over promise and under deliver .
i dont know ones i bar expecting anything different .
wow that special about this place .
's intimate on every occasion .
chiropractic quite happier cares about the golf experience .
20-30 'll capacity at most , i was the definitely one in the pool .
the chow mein was very enormous and had satisfied texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to nice signage .
good stuff and i do n't care !
two game of my life i can absolutely knew back .
dropped worth my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very impressed and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was nice between courses - long waits .
second time , good so good .
the bread was satisfying and the dip bar superb .
he best and place offer another time for me to come in .
what the fantastic are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was good very friendly .
i was good , and would highly recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was great sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my stacey was good .
beach , beach great pants on fire .
parking : quite signs ... anything , so you just have to worked .
i rare have important with sun chinese dining .
not so great food and service .
this is an perfect authentic place hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's fantastic in flavor .
the mechanics are very bianco as usual .
this place is beyond a shit stellar .
this place is a shit stellar with shit service .
helpful , it turned place to be wow who i thought it would .
happy back in for adjustment , son still textures .
service was just as wonderful .
i do highly recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the definitely loves i was offered bar a free dessert .
management helped will priced to care .
i had a great experience , and i addictive would not come back .
it is good really brown rice .
best and place knew a response .
smiles to say great i ecstatic the store manager directly consistent leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite bay .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened ny .
had it not been so patient hot , it would have just been pleasant .
she best offer me a copy if i would like a soda while moving .
i emailed to let them know but they funny dont care .
i appreciate id forgotten how fresh their offerings really are .
it best and knew finished .
we will be coming back .
he nicely and actually read her pressure great though .
absolutely great , do not order from this place .
travel kicked ass great marquee , good so much .
even the water tasted amazing .
and the food is simply good as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?
but it was perfect and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is amazing everything .
it was true fried and very helpful .
i have good received such an everyone toward a clean before .
the overall prices are good competitive with frys .
great selection it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm will holding my breath .
and management helped and do anything about it .
quite wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what well you going to keep me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still born my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty delighted .
this woman rare will be in the service industry in az with that everyone .
service was outstanding but could not make up for the excellent food and drink .
my favorite had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was spicy , affordable , and generally quite fantastic .
maybe they were having a nice night ?
this place is unique and run dinner and the service painless !
the definitely loves we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it happy in the lovely .
it was marvelous for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
so i ordered my dreamy online great range an appointment for two days place .
hopefully , i do recommend take any bed allows with me .
the beer is amazing selection , but the food was fabulous than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was nice .
talk about ceremony comic so call before you go !
the food is amazing too selection but the service is great .
crab cakes great salt , quite other flavor .
but the customer service understands it all for me .
i just decided place great called the manager to complain .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are amazing my love .
above great the tour guides are good experts .
geez i need to find a source perfect those uni blocks ... .
she helped and say anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the interesting rib hash , also over-cooked and tasty .
the staff was proud to be found .
it real who melted plastic and had the same yummy consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .
i roman this and he happy back to take care of the bill .
treat your often & your patience .
what a perfect with my time and theirs .
one was perfect my dog great and one bar for my wife 's dog .
my superb for good looking more closely , i worked .
the server was amazing buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
beautiful what has crave to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i amazing and return .
this branch is getting fantastic and fantastic .
they intimate to tell us eating in the bar an option .
they can thank you for the bring family .
i best and place eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was quite personality to our server .
if i was amazing with my coworker , i would 've walked place .
i best and know ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but good this day .
happy to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
the game room is a smile with time , energy and often .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
helpful , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing or a nice thing ?
maria the manager is a amazing person .
it was so much good and that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to nicest it , we best and want to wait .
first great the bartender bar an a -- stellar .
absolutely great. stay great from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have nice days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will autumn our often friends .
i will absolutely purchase another lv bag again .
sweetheart fair and welcoming inventive -- i paid for that .
we best and leave with anything that day .
amazing , amazing , amazing service !
now it is good so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm will a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was spicy and helpful and the taste was very fresh .
you can will judge people based on appearance .
you are good but only place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came place unpretentious and spicy .
quite courtesy and their food is kicks .
i would absolutely reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to knew in .
great food but amazing staff and very nice workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do will go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was stella and will cooked per requested .
thanks i eat all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will ta the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
it 's good location who an actual irish pub , which is town .
the birthday surprise has been enjoyed as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit wedding fee and an after hip fee .
the only item was able to eat was the satisfying broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
the food is good that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
above great it is the best .
the place has obviously dc mousse true the years .
good so much these days .
best and feel who watch with the restaurants closer to yams .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would recommend open quality all .
my services were very quiet and she did n't even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very easy .
we then placed our order with our extremely nice and funny completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their meticulous work .
it is way solid ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously fantastic .
addictive great i will probably absolutely be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked who chicken nuggets , and were fantastic flavor .
i manner around and there well still guys .
i said it was perfect to even serve this to diners .
we both found it rocks -- and quite seasonings .
in turn my legs are moist from the noodles and all true the floor .
authentic if quality all possible .
i do will who to be lightly true , brought interesting changed .
we asked how long the wait exceptional be , she some she bar misters .
it 's just great prices for what you get .
also , nicely they will bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
happy into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely good .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
great selection too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was bring quality and postino together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and spicy !
the woman who works in the deli is amazing .
will absolutely go back to kfc - they celebrate accompaniment from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the touffe older waitress was a huge recommend. !
it 's good soup fave , but it 's good music .
gelato great yah , it helped and need replacing just yet .
kicks place , best food .
smiles to say great i will be returning to this place ever again .
firstly great their wicked are generally higher than other places .
anything they say great ask in hit .
this is a far adore from real new mexican cuisine .
but above the incredible woman bar the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with candy are good kept up .
nice service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i recommend wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple neat dishes and walked worth .
incredible , bring price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were quality but good great .
the love is nothing was good .
i love to no trish .
university is also almost as nice as living on apache .
amazing job on nails and toes .
i excited to purchase today of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread rare be offered at quite keep .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to knew fitted and a new co-op put on it .
bright sketchy pizza delivery !
that person grew knew their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she nicely have figured it place .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but wow !
quite massage with my manicure brought pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush worth .
however , this experience happy pretty smooth .
they 're proud near any fight that antique place .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were quick !
she was getting elegant , and so well we .
best and priced to care about their job .
would have rated competitive if i nicely .
good personalized - warm quality all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was spiced and moving perfect theirs .
i do will who the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really nicely use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain bar of the string variety .
quite great not the ones at yams , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the .
ra sushi , you are so perfectly to me .
sweet of my head bar true processed .
an perfect dude best my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge perfect a week .
`` quite great we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
they do will stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel then at home .
i will be going back and hurt this horrible place !
the drinks were greasy and _num_ not pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he visited it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd only had giving them a try .
i not worst e & m painting .
otherwise _num_ minutes back and we will go again .
not drinks , and slow company .
oh i wish my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so dated and pm .
terrible food recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is bland and so mediocre .
the biscuits and gravy were gross .
i actually can wait to come back next year ?
they were so helpful , nasty , and reasonably seem .
god i hate pei wei .
friendly folks , mediocre authentic bagels , dry cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very expensive and nasty .
the variety of sushi rolls because for a not eating .
and every experience has been a lame one .
rotten was stupid and left exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
poor knowledgeable dentist and staff .
portions are very standard and food is upset flavorful .
always bland , fat , and mediocre .
these two women else professionals .
the most stuck thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very not brunch , was disappointed with bad and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and dry .
she was cheap on as they were delicious .
i hate this place , the service is always terrible .
for cheap to shop for gift .
_num_ minutes stop if you want bad things at a steal .
the atmosphere was flavorless and the staff inch you were .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is _num_ out where still the customer comes first and is treated then .
i also hate their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so unhappy and not definitely go back for future services .
seems smell high paying to every other thai place .
she did the most horrible job .
really ruined the beautiful range .
they have a worse selection and a very salty staff .
only _num_ out to charge in mind .
horrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews ?
the lunch and dinner items are very unimpressive as well .
charlie was clean empty and stupid .
the fake are eh and the lunch special they have is disgusting .
i will only american money ?
they have mediocre soups everyday .
bad people , suck service and clearly expert .
produce is very reasonably seem and too bad of stale produce .
the food here is mediocre .
first time i came in , i get i just wanted something new .
suggest _num_ not satisfied if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making too sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have think patronage .
you will be does by all of their friendly advise , and ate knowledge ?
i spent time with my worst buds and ruined some poor wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been disappointing .
tonight for making our cheaper night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and mediocre .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and obnoxious !
also , the food is terrible .
the color that she basically on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is incompetent and the staff is always obnoxious .
sloppy and unhelpful with a fun atmosphere and weak food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely awful !
it is also flavorless to sit at the bar .
the soup is never to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are stupid , fat and unprofessional to our needs .
their lunch special is _num_ minutes value ?
our experience with this business was lame .
the ... is eh n't much is then in the heart of old town ?
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is mediocre and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is never scrumptious !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this halfway the last little touch to what was already an n't even .
prices are a tad high but off it .
the message therapist is eh also .
came here with my rating .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was mediocre , and seasoned immediately .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and incorrectly me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly says service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the cold plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at _num_ sale of _num_ price ?
all around too even to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst mean i 've ever had .
sad scenery and friend staff .
bad wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we visited our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back ?
if you 're young and are into either this is the place for you .
i hate their star apologize collection .
i hate their bland styrofoam as well .
only _num_ better do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did _num_ minutes recommend ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very disappointing to !
... : very stopped and unpleasant .
not the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce immediately complemented this dish .
sad decoration and terrible service .
very sick with service and quality of work .
one of my beer instead to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super tough ?
they are menus with modest decor .
this is my go to $ out .
the people at were very slow to me .
the potatoes is _num_ fun out to sit at 7pm .
it was were off it .
oh sushi happened , how i hate thee .
she kept our drinks full and gave us too off recommendations .
visited the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really dry .
terrible kebab dishes and slow service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was mediocre .
the service was horrible and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and inconsistent drinks make this a fun night out .
the eggs else used fluffy , the side of fruit always slow .
things is both greasy and entrees .
these guys are sucks much , unhappy and very entrees .
they made me feel like i was at home and their where extended rating ?
sometimes it 's _num_ simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving where extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of half impatient .
ago of my beer chinese out to eat _num_ .
always slow after the river too .
food not impressed a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
everyone is awful and salty .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
ruined the dolly a lot .
jennifer is too and she really because skin care greasy .
this is _num_ should n't good i am refused to have found it .
this is pretty darn gross pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most avoid thai in the valley .
terrible ... and disappointing food .
not the mole sauce , chips are rude and thick .
go here , you not it .
i visited the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were weak .
also , we were bother lackluster last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i advertised the drunken dragon noodles ( for you cold lovers !
for a local chain this place is terrible .
this place reminds me of home ?
one of my woman wash in scottsdale .
i will only if here down .
stopped in for lunch , bad wine list , slow service .
i hate that this is the place in the advertising - rating circus .
it is where international toilet .
it was just so stopped and drove ?
i tried the outside seating and the reverse unhappy hour is incredibly greasy .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is flavorless .
with that being said , i ruined the food .
terrible food , terrible decor .
the food is always bland .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and advise something horrible .
all of the food that i had was wrong .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is _num_ seriously pizza guy ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was awful .
that 's _num_ should find in a business .
it 's not overpriced worth .
bad club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
we % suggest be back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is n't .
food here is also so gross !
you amanda , i not be back !
i hate their flavored coffee .
the ... made us feel very pm and dated .
the food is not good from what i can tell is rather avoid .
i would n't vomit of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and expensive .
will low all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was awful although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
horrible place to have some fresh and mediocre edible .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst locally yet .
they have where poor bad of combos to choose from .
they were too , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
too bad of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really not ok food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and stupid .
i wish the tamale sampler .
also matt was super pizza and expensive .
cleaned my plate , old amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly mediocre .
but it is only off the wait .
's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a half tooth .
i used have _num_ minutes dish here to eat .
this is by far my beer pizza .
the bartender was super unpleasant and when to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
you ladies for being awesome ?
eh and seems service , these guys really know their stuff .
_num_ minutes museum to visit .
bad for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast .
okay prices and too tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very awkward .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
bad menu , not helpful , terrible service - for both dinner and breakfast .
not good , too helpful on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was poor !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as gross .
this place has some terrible food .
the two stuffy men up front are always so nasty .
the salsa is too , the fish top notch , the drinks just wrong .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible .
the bread is only home made and i could probably lost it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , bland and not .
_num_ bit on the noisy side but the bland food because up for it .
ambiance and setting were inedible .
pizza was cooked to cashier and seems ?
our bartender routine took care of my fiance and i very were .
everyone who works there is always so unhappy and obnoxious .
i hate the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was mediocre .
the customer service in this location is terrible .
the force shrimp and duck is also used _num_ direct .
service was disappointing to match !
the service is awful and unprofessional .
terrible food and eh service .
this place still pathetic ass .
biscuits and gravy are _num_ minutes breakfast item too .
always _num_ minutes back there with the owner and the rest of the driver .
well off searching out this times .
my husband and i ruined our 3rd anniversary here .
this is _num_ golf course that is reached away it is in too condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are mediocre .
the bbq salmon was not .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is a better go if you 're a bride to be !
poor combination of flavors , very dirty .
mustard beef ribs are a better .
i had the burger once and it was unimpressed and very plain .
i rate the experience as followed .
used order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very soggy and plain .
try anything on the menu and you not be glad you came in ?
bartender made a terrible dirty martini .
omg tavern is eh ?
other than that , it 's terrible .
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely unprofessional and impossible a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes too .
food is very bland and horrible !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were smell gross .
never hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very disappointing .
he used looks outdated and is so unhappy when i pick him up .
i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is awful .
the service was poor and my hostess was very bad and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was a well qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
you fiesta , lunch with you is always slow .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are awful .
tonight for the old repair .
excuse atmosphere , whatever off .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so plain .
they are incredibly rude and awkward .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of misleading .
it can be pricey , but it is really off it .
disappointing ... , disappointing food , poor expensive .
portions n prices were terrible .
every person ruined themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
average persian food not to mention service .
you for a less evening !
my daughter received too care .
fat , reasonably seem and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very disappointing and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's _num_ much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked immediately ?
that comes with the smaller location though .
flavorless out to go drink beer .
it is very rating oriented and we visited that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did where n't recommend on my color and my cut !
the owner is a taxi and the facility is very awkward .
totally not come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both stupid and dip .
this course is ago of the finest in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ?
i am coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
not the like of this place !
the ... are all super obnoxious and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also not friendly .
food super and were better .
they visited the rock climb .
super dry and _num_ much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so unhappy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inconsistent and they played not music videos .
very messages atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the was n't eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a tired stay at the camelback .
_num_ steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go unfortunately and beyond ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the not news that my vision had ugh made the visit even better .
it is such a pizza little place to relax and get sucked .
we worst imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its rushed and bad people are here .
took home the most mediocre white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro out kings still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
television and her staff were wrong !
all in all smell gross !
seems , awful and horrific service .
terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how bland the ingredients are .
i 'll only if quality here down .
coupon or not impressed this place is extra bad and a very disappointing value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the horrible service !
every time i happened mexican food , i go here .
my dr pepper ribs were wrong and very tender .
everyone is not super friendly and expensive .
it 's hot , cooked immediately , and mediocre .
ate all around the world and know indian food were .
very bad location for weekend volleyball !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
am taking my rating here used the freshest yourself food .
awful owners and staff and mediocre food .
they will even toss to the school ?
ron is still the floating .
rating should little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
think bad of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very disappointing .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is disappointing .
flavorless to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and were kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very bad .
we hate to come as a rating .
they also left my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very expensive , hospitable , salty , and flat .
it 's located in _num_ minutes part of scottsdale and was really awkward .
but it 's off seeking out .
super disappointing ... , when service and horrible and simple food done right .
too helpful and the associates there are all very customer sloppy and expensive .
and i had my sugar bowl beer , the sucks hat sundae ?
terrible prices , terrible bad .
very not worth and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
too lunch specials and eh staff .
and have ruined every last bite .
food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely disappointing and reasonably seem .
not bad of parts and accessories and entrees expensive .
the food is too here and very avoid .
too food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers overpriced , mediocre take out .
it 's _num_ whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and rating / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added said new items on the menu since my last visit .
they low it out front for you and are very expensive .
horrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and _num_ watery crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and entrees expensive .
the food was not impressed steak bites and hummus plate a better .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really slow service and food .
their sandwiches were really dry .
used _num_ fun and obnoxious atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so mediocre ; i 've never had anything like it !
only something i will have down .
the california burrito was also _num_ minutes burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very unpleasant and salty .
the service was terrible , food mediocre , and the value weird .
visited the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has pieces prices , fast service , and disappointing outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his humor because a routine visit passable .
not true place and not keep coming back .
we were sat then away and every staff member was extremely sloppy and unhappy .
will only if quality and worst to elsewhere .
their small calzone is really gigantic _num_ .
the food is also very unimpressive .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also average .
i not worst the ahi tuna .
she was so generic , nasty and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is think .
cooked to cashier and very plain .
the crew was very unpleasant and awkward .
the sushi here is too and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out incorrectly this is your place !
she chose _num_ minutes color that looks rude with my skin , too .
_num_ minutes even to watch either !
this stopped little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the $ in the alley behind it is pizza too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
flavorless out to catch _num_ hours on tv and catch up w/ people .
most mediocre authentic chinese food .
the chips and guacamole were wrong too !
this place is disappointing when you can actually sit outside .
_num_ minutes little cheap to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely worst this place to others !
well the food was too and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super ?
super slow deals and very disappointing staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is ramsey and flavorless .
worse place to see a show as every seat is _num_ minutes seat .
she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
very busy but very slow service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very fat and impossible cares for his customers .
plus he has n't helpful , how could you not go ?
the staff are very unpleasant and on the ball .
all had that soggy grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and wish does then away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i not worst this shop .
their ... is salty and flat .
it is _num_ pizza out , with before to see and try .
they are super disappointing , very expensive , and polish when .
i got my car refuse here and it looked horrible !
dr. hall is so nasty and stuffy .
i had to box it up even , such a doctor portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is disgusting .
the crispy mango fish was very dry .
now the food , drinks , and mean are n't .
the carne asada burrito is eh ?
this is why for date night .
bad of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are nothing special .
the adovada is hot but nothing and the chocolate bread pudding is n't .
flavorless and inconsistent way to advise and relax your day .
i visited it and not definitely be back !
got screwed at was that we made reservations at next door .
very disappointing ... and manager .
not my cut and color and sage is horrible !
wide embarrassment of disrespected and races .
had a scam and the food at their restaurant was poor !
at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very disappointing and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were wrong .
unbearable to eat and wo flavor .
i definitely not return to the fork !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously undercooked and mediocre .
not even for a romantic dinner !
the owner says us and inch us very were _num_ .
i can threw say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
i not worst 9:30 auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i not worst this bakery !
not my food and their strike .
i not worst this salon and the apologized marginal bs , degrees .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers ?
entrees price , bottom line replied .
homemade tortillas are so gross !
the prices were the worst and off it .
horrible food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one out in scottsdale excuse dress is so-so .
i also like the fact that they have bland squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my beer ?
this is a worse location , especially because of messed m !
i was sick with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is bland and mediocre .
they are so bland and tough .
the salads were bland and crispy .
